UH Manoa LaTeX Thesis Class Versions
------------------------------------
This LaTeX class was originally developed in 2000, and has been used by many
theses and dissertations successfully accepted by UHM Graduate Division since
then. The original class is called "uhthesis2e", showing it's age since it was
adapted for LaTeX 2e, back when that was new. This version of the class was
somewhat hacked together, which sometimes caused problems with more modern
LaTeX packages.

In 2008, Mark Stillwell undertook a complete rewrite of the class, starting
from the standard report class. The goal was to provide a clean foundation for
future maintenance, and ensure it worked properly with modern LaTeX packages.
Further, he documented the class definition extensively, referring back to the
style guide point by point. This new class is called "uhthesis",
distinguishing it from the original class (in case you wish to switch between
the two).

In 2010, he got the rewritten version to the point where he could use it to
successfully submit his dissertation to Graduate Division. However, since it
was not tested as extensively as the original class, it was not formally
released. Further, the Graduate Division style guide was updated later in
2010, so there may be changes required in this class to meet the revised
requirements.

As of this writing, the most recent version of the uhthesis2e class is 1.1.0.

This archive contains a beta release of the uhthesis class, version 2.0.0 to
indicate that it is more recent than the uhthesis2e class. While this class is
where all future development will be focused, it has not been used as
extensively as the uhthesis2e class. Please test it out, and let us know if
you find any problems.


Instructions
------------
This archive contains everything necessary to prepare a University of Hawaii
thesis or dissertation with a recent LaTeX2e environment like TeX Live. For
information on how do download LaTeX distributions, go to <http://www.tug.org/>

This class is hosted at Google Code:

<http://code.google.com/p/latex-uhm-thesis/>

For assistance with this package, please visit the associated Google Group:

<http://groups.google.com/group/latex-uhm-thesis-discuss>

The following files should be placed in your personal or departmental LaTeX
style directory:

uhthesis.cls	Document class file

For example, on MacTeX you could create the directory
/usr/local/texlive/texmf-local/tex/latex/uhthesis and copy all four files
above into that directory to allow all users on the computer access to the
class. If you only need the class file to be accessible by yourself, you
could create ~/Library/texmf/tex/latex/uhthesis (all the directories after
Library will have to be created) and then copy the four files in. A similar
procedure should work for other TeX Live distributions.

The class file is documented in uhthesis.pdf

An example of how to use the style with extensive comments is provided in the
example/ subdirectory. The following files make up this style. Start with
"uhtest.tex".

uhtest.tex
uhtest-abstract.tex
uhtest-acknowledgements.tex
uhtest-appendix.tex
uhtest-body.tex
uhtest-dedication.tex
uhtest-figure.eps
uhtest.bib

Good luck! You can report bugs or wonderful new features you have implemented
to the Google Group discussed above.
